[Notifier] [Slack] Validate token syntax (#39606)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Notifier/Bridge/Slack/CHANGELOG.md

 * Check for maximum number of buttons in Slack action block
 * Add HeaderBlock

>  * Slack access tokens needs to start with "xox" (see https://api.slack.com/authentication/token-types)

Author: ```suggestion
 * Slack access tokens needs to start with "xoxb-", "xoxp-" or "xoxa-2" (see https://api.slack.com/authentication/token-types)
```
